Updated feature overview and nuget info (#389)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/community/roadmap/_index.en.md

For now only the roadmap for Altinn Studio and related functionality is available here.
All other functionality has [a separate roadmap](https://altinn.github.io/docs/ny-funksjonalitet/roadmap/).

See diagram below for the full feature overview with feature status. Click on boxes for detailed information.

<object data="/community/roadmap/productfeatures.drawio.svg" type="image/svg+xml" style="width: 100%;"></object>

> [Klikk for åpne diagram i fullskjerm](productfeatures.drawio.svg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Click to open the diagram in fullscreen](productfeatures.drawio.svg)
```
